what is going on you guys even from
yourself Tech today I am realize such an
exciting video guys I am so freaking
hyped right now and this is like no
other unboxing video that I've ever
uploaded before this one's actually a
little bit different it's really special
because guys big news
we are officially sponsored by EVIC oh
my god I can't believe I just said that
sentence it has been my dream since day
one since starting this channel which
has been basically just a review and
unboxing and just other types of airsoft
videos in my backyard type of channel to
one day be sponsored by evic and the
time has finally come
so evic I know you're gonna be watching
this thank you for the opportunity I
really appreciate it in guys without you
you know the viewers the fans the
subscribers you guys supporting me and
subscribing I would not have gotten this
opportunity so it's all thanks to you
guys again as I say I would not be doing
this if you guys were not here
supporting me so seriously from the
bottom of my heart
Ivica thank you I appreciate the
opportunity once again and to you guys
my loyal fans subscribers whatever you
want to call yourselves thank you as
well so the last thing I want to talk
about before we get into this is the box
itself the stuff in here I actually have
no clue what is in this box so I
probably have in the title of the video
like mystery box unboxing something like
that guys I don't want to confuse you
this is not an evic mystery box you know
box of awesomeness that they sell on
their website you know they do those
mystery boxes every now and then this is
not one of those this is just my package
they sent me with stuff in it I have no
idea what's in here so it is legit a
mystery to me so without further ado
though let's go and get into it let's go
to get into this finally this has been
sitting on my carpet in my room for like
a few days now I've been wanting to see
what's in here let's go and slice
through this bad boy oh I'm so excited
[Music]
are you guys ready moment of truth 3 2 1
ok I see another cardboard oh ok so I
definitely opened this upside down I
didn't think I was opening this upside
down so I still don't even know what's
in here I guess we can just go ahead and
take this guy or flip it around
and I see another white box and an AMG
logo and umbrella armory
no I'm not Dutch the hooligan and it
looks like to start everything off we
got a I want to say a SEMA I believe
this is a Sima m4 looks from the
packaging to be a beginner's gun so we
will open this guy up in a second but
I'm gonna set this down really quickly
I'm not to cut these things I'm gonna
set this down really quickly and we are
going to get to the other two items
first next up that we do have a black
box here with umbrella armor again again
a little Dutch vibe if you know what I
mean
but umbrella armor EMG don't know what
this is actually I think I may have an
idea if I'm right I think even a video
on their YouTube channel
showing people that they have these now
yep this is the new tech matte from
umbrella armory and EMG let me get
around here
I'll see ya I'm brother army up there
EMG logo right there you actually do
have a little measuring a little ruler
thing or whatever so you guys can go
ahead and measure whatever yeah well all
these slots where you can put screws any
you know type of loose parts or whatever
you have little slots up here little
holes which I'm sure you could stick
like allen keys or screwdrivers whatever
you want I'm and yes this obviously is
made out of rubber so it's pretty damn
sticky so your guns won't be sliding off
so every up until now every time I've
worked on one of my guns I actually
worked on my colt 1911 last night
cleaning it but every time I've been
working on anything of mine I always lay
down a light just a white towel like a
white beach towel but now I actually
have something them to work on now
nothing will move around nothing will
you know roll off the table but yeah
this is actually pretty cool thank you
last but not least we do have the little
shipping label or whatever the thing is
so let's go ahead and flip this guy
around what oh it's pretty heavy don't
know what this is already you're gonna
find out as soon as I find out three two
one no way no way
EMG salient arms again don't tell me
this is the freaking 1911 or a Smith &
Wesson or something like that
no freakin way you guys oh my god
alright so I moved everything i zoomed
in because i have to go ahead and open
this guy up so yeah this is the saline
19:11 let me go ahead and just read
through everything really fast so here
is a fricken serve a certificate of
authentication so say lean arms
that's it a 911 - training weapon gbb
EMG and then you have that little
freaking sticker or whatever right there
anything on the back no scan for
instructions and registration
but yeah so you get a little freaking
authentication card thing let's go set
that down next we do have the magazine
which is frickin heavy as hell this is
the green gas I'm assuming yeah you fill
it up there so let's go it set that down
and let's get into the gun itself how do
I open this guy what's up Rick oh my god
I think this is the 4.3 model arch I
assumed out a little bit more so let's
go ahead put the magazine in one thing I
will say though I'm not a big fan when
mags have these like extending pieces
whatever I like it when it's actually
flush with the end of the grip itself
but that's not a huge deal let's see if
the mag just slides on out oh it doesn't
I'm sure we'll just you know with your
enterin stuff like that
but look at that barrel oh my gosh
that's so freakin nice si I 45 ACP I
think this actually retails for like 180
you know somewhere up there close to
$200 for a gas blowback pistol and there
is the inside as you guys can see that
is actually the magazine yeah but yeah
so nothing in the chamber is the brand
new let's go and do a little slide
release oh so you guys already know me
I'm definitely gonna have to remove this
freaking orange tip figure out how to do
that somehow without scratching anything
up anyways though here you have you guys
the s AI 1911 Diaz training weapon this
is basically just the sealing arms 1911
but man that gold barrel I still can't
get over that but yeah here it is you
guys absolutely stunning without further
ado though let's go ahead and get into
that m4 you completely honest I actually
don't even know what this is I said it's
SEMA because it looks like it is cm 0 0
2 a1 don't know what this actually is
technically called all I know is it
looks like it's an m4 full metal
construction so that's actually pretty
nice but yeah sorry just off the
packaging itself it definitely does look
like a beat get his gun whoo but we will
see we will open this guy up and guys
remember if you are interested in any of
the items that I will be unboxing today
are technically I've already unbox
besides this one all the links will be
in the description
not to mention for the guns this and the
911 over there I will be doing full
reviews for both of those so stay tuned
for those I'm not really doing the
review for these right now just simply
unboxing I'm showing you guys what I got
but anyways here we go three two one
what is this
oh okay it even comes with foam padding
okay so usually with beginner guns like
this you just get that nasty white
styrofoam let's go ahead and see what
this guy is ready Oh could this be a jg
maybe this is a JG I don't know but
that's finish is really nice Wow maybe
this isn't a beginner's gun I don't know
anyway so let's go ahead and take this
guy out damn this thing is freaking
heavy alright so I just looked at the
packing slip you guys it actually is a
Sima m4 and I thought they would be like
an actual name for this thing but it's
not all of the packing said all it says
it is is a Sima fullmetal m4a1 that's
all it says it is I will say though with
it being fully constructed out of metal
it is a pretty solid it has some decent
weight to it and the finish I do like
the finish and as I said it doesn't feel
or look like that cheap pop metal you
know that very cheap metal that brittle
metal that everyone hates this looks
like it's pretty thick metal but I want
to take a look real fast at the hop-up
let's see if it has a rotary take your
guesses it does I have a rotary style
hop-up or just a normal type of dial
hop-up rotary is better if you guys are
curious right here let's go in to check
whoa whoa okay so it's not a rotor it's
just a normal standard you know dial hop
ups or whatever but look at that can you
guys see what I'm what I'm doing what I
just realized
are you guys seeing what I'm seeing it
actually has a functioning bolt catch
what the Frick look I'm not holding it
and it's old did I just break it I made
just broken please tell me this works
please tell me three two one oh thank
god I was actually a little scared
because I was pushing kind of hard for a
second and it wasn't moving so i legit
thought i'd just completely pulled it
back too hard and broke it but no this
actually has a functioning bolt catch
which is kind of surprising regardless
though let's be honest here it's just a
you know an m' for a full metal basic
m4 you know that you can get basically
from anywhere so but what I want to do
now is I want to load the pistol up I
want to load that bad boy up with green
gas and some babies and I want to plug a
battery in the sky and load the magazine
up with some babies and we're gonna test
fire these things out just pretty
briefly just want to see how they shoot
and after we do that we're up the video
up from there alright so it actually has
a pretty snappy trigger response but
then again is 11 1 but this thing is
almost dead - so I don't know but yeah
just using 96 anyway so let's go and try
full auto kind of scared here we go so
not that fast even on an 11-1 obviously
you guys can hear that but I will say it
definitely didn't feel screechy or weird
or just weird cycles or whatever um it
felt solid I felt each and every cycle
again rounds per minute and our rounds
per second whatever is probably really
really bad and again this is within 11:1
so with the 9:6 trigger response not
gonna be a snappy rate of fire not gonna
be that fast but then again this thing
is I want to say this thing is meant for
beginners come on let's be honest
ah you can't do it okay
that's complaint number one not a big
deal though this thing is just so pretty
nice alright so I went ahead and shot
both of these things man this freakin
1911 from salient arms EMG whatever this
thing is a freaking beast it looks
amazing
feels amazing shoots amazing and you
know but that's what you get with such a
high price point like 180 or 200
something light or like 160 I don't know
it's something really expensive though
but yeah but that's what you get when
you pay you know big bucks for a gas
blowback pistol now for this guy I still
don't know what this frickin is besides
all I know as much as you guys I know
it's m4 as you guys can see it's full
metal the trigger response was decent on
an 11-1 way to fire wasn't yeah on an
11-1 it does have a functioning bolt
catch which is interesting but you know
other than that I don't know really any
of the you know specifications you know
what's going on internally anything like
that so I really don't know a lot
however this is the perfect time to test
out how good I am at pricing stuff so I
honest I believe this is 180 and if it
is I think this is well worth the money
this guy I've never seen this before
anywhere has no trademarks no nothing if
this is less than $180 I'd be okay with
the price point even if it's 180 180 is
pushing it I'm gonna be honest but if
it's 180 or less that's okay I'm okay
with that price if it's more than that
stay away from this okay it's not worth
it it's not worth 200 plus dollars even
though it is full metal and it has some
nice weight to it it's pretty hefty
seems very solid but yeah there's just
better options out there if it's 200
plus dollars but you guys already know
the price because I'm gonna have the
price up here you know why edit this but
while filming it's 180 or less decent if
it's 170 or less even better I mean all
honestly you guys if this thing is
between 150 and I would say 170 ish I'm
okay with that price I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I'm okay with that
there's always gonna be alternatives I
can already see people commenting down
there oh yeah Stephen you can get this
it's way better for the money you know
best bang for your buck obviously okay
you guys can do that with any price
point
well should we say all that stuff I just
said and then I go online and find out
this thing retails for like 250 or
something like that oh my god I'd kill
myself I'm gonna be honest anyway say
you guys that is going to do it for this
video stay tuned for the actual review
videos of these guys I will definitely
know a lot more about this guy once I
actually do some research on it you know
and when the time comes for the actual
review video but yeah so stay tuned for
those videos they will be coming out
very very soon and as I said even thank
you again for the opportunity and
sending this out to me I really
appreciate everything and you guys thank
you for getting my channel to where it
is right now
you guys are freaking amazing I love all
of you with that being said though thank
you all so much for watching I really
really hope you guys enjoyed but until
next time I will see you guys in the
next one let's go have some fun
[Music]